I've been doing boxing for over 3 months now and its been a revelation.
Most of my readers or friends from fb where I will post this social teaser
won't know this. But a recent mitts session yesterday was particularly
funny. Some other boxer's coach saw me slowly intentionally doing bagwork.
And he came up to me with mitts loudly within full earshot of other student
boxers and said I looked sad staring at the bags and pulled me into a mitts
session. I got destroooyed. 3x 3-minute rounds, which were manageable
enough but just when I though we were done with the fourth round on my last
fumes, I turned to see the clock just dropped down to three minutes. He set
the last and final round to FIVE minutes! I was devasted and just huffing
and puffing throughout the final minutes just trying to survive. He made
sure to remind me every hand dropped would be punished, so that angle works
in the second item. I do like to add my personal opinion in every movie.
Obsession was a fantastic thriller with perfect sound design and pacing. It
kept you on edge by having a payoff and engaging every section of the film
with a payoff that didn't try too hard. It's a massive independent success
mostly because I feel like it just wanted to tell a story and didn't bother
what blockbuster standards were, but more than that it cared about it's
viewers by putting together a masterfully engaging film that was just paced
perfectly. The Oddysey is a fantastic epic. Instead of boxing we could use
my recent foray into Claude code. The experience feels exactly like a loop
sucking you in. You come with a project in mind then come out five hours
later with something else and often you did the work without actually doing
what you were supposed to do. I saw this film three times. First two on
regular cinemas, and the third on IMAX. The sheer vastness on 70mm was
dazzling. Nolan clearly wanted to tell a story through this format,
emphasizing the epic that this juggernaut turned out to be. The man is a
franchise unto himself and this film might be his best yet, in my opinion.
No journeyman angle to add here, except my own story of being irresponsible
and obnoxious in my 20's thinking I've got it all figured out, while
leaving my actual responsbilities of the next man in line. We can add that
blurb somewhere but not necessarily under Camp Miasma. Also did we not have
a Spiderman excerpt in this? I'd love to highlight my opinions there too
because man what a fantastic film. Tom remains to be my favorite Spidey,
and how incredible it is to go from high-school Spidey to now college
Spidey. It's a perfect blend of humor, comeback, rebirth, and finding
yourself again. Much like his line... "I'm both." Quick blurb though: can
we talk about Jean Grey being a horrible villain oh my fucking god, quickly
whitewashed but interesting to now see the mutant danger angle the
franchise is heading into. Love, love, love Spiderman and Tom Holland's
performance, great character arc reference, and the charm, highlight the
relatable charm, making it very obvious why it's become one the highest
grossing film of all time.
