This week's real boxing session is a stand-in coach who happily stepped up
when we wanted to come in despite the storm. We knew the typhoon wasn't
going to get any better but at least one boxing session in makes us feel
like we had a proper week. Turns out the coach had other ideas. 5 rounds 2
minutes each, 30 seconds rest. But by the final rounds he suddenly had us
doing kicks. It was it's kind of fun and humbling all over again realizing
how shit we are at kicking. I think I ended up doing 7 rounds total. Even
funnier because by the last round he was teaching me spinning elbows with a
combination that had me spinning the wrong direction everywhere. I could
not get it right and that was the sign to wrap up the mitts. Then onto 300
ab crunches variations, I hate crunches, I think they're inefficient ab
workouts, but the man is as old school as they come and by god he will get
those 300 crunches out of us. We already covered the Odyssey last week so
let's replace that with Hope instead. This movie, where do I start. First I
was hoping it would be as good as edge-of-your-seat film of Na Jing Ho, The
Wailing. It had the right ingredients, exquisite korean film taste, sci fi
teasers, CGI was pretty good. But the lack of world building and setup for
the alien aspect of the movie left viewers being so lost. I mean I get the
idea start with something obscure then throw them an incredibly distinct
alien characters that will leave you wanting more in a clear setup for a
trilogy. That would have been brilliant but the execution was lacking. I
wish the time they spent with the parodies and extended comedic dialogue
was instead spent on setting up the extraterrestrial elements. Except we
got a finger up the butt exposition that added nothing to the meat of the
film. It was an absurdist take on typical movie blockbusters and again, I
see that. I respect it but pair it with a rich plot not a alien swiss
cheese making you ask yourself why you took a bite at this in the first
place. By the end of it, I was hoping beyond hope that Michael Fassbender
would come swoop in and save this movie. But alas, he's been there the
entire as this CGI alien. My disappointment was immeasurable. Coyote vs
Acme boulder blurb is good. Remove anything boxing fabricated that I didn't
mention. On the Obsession deep dive, I'd like to add that what made the
call worse was Bear didn't want to undo the spell, he still wanted her to
be obsessed just without the curse. Incel much? We could shorten the horror
feature a bit of we want to include my long review of Hope. Maybe a double
feature? Please use my draft as much you can with some refinements so that
it all sounds less Claude-like. That's it. Thanks!